Now in this section we would like to talk
to you about deleting your partition
tables or flashing different programs,
operating systems, such onto your board.
And whether it be within
your operating system or
through a command prompt terminal,
there is a variety of things that
could happen to your board
when it comes to that.
>> So right of the bat, deleting partition
tables, it's kind of an interesting idea.
I know one time, me and
Rob were actually messing around
with of our microcontrollers.
And we thought we were deleting
a file off our SD card, but
in reality we were actually
deleting partition tables.
So sometimes you actually are given
access to the internals of your device.
So when you do so, make sure you don't
delete them because once you delete
those partition tables,
you can't really use Flashbit or
anything to go ahead and
reflash your authoring system.
That's actually where the rescue
image makes a really,
really big role,
takes on a really big role.
Because the rescue image actually
repairs those partition tables, and
allows you to have that fast boot
connection to your EMMC flash.
So I guess long story short here is when
you're playing around with your board,
make sure you don't do any operations
that you are not aware of.
So if you are trying to delete files make
sure that you are in the right location,
and they're the right file type,
and you're just not doing
any unnecessary actions.
>> It's naive of us, but
yeah just like Zara said.
Right from the, right from the desktop.
We were in Ubuntu and.
>> Yeah.
>> And
we just went into one of the folders and
started deleting some stuff
cuz we wanted more space.
>> Yeah.
>> And there you go.
We deleted some partition tables, next
thing you know we reboot the board and
it wasn't working anymore.
On that note,
you can also mess you're board up in,
in a soft brick way by following all of
the instructions that we do incorrectly.
So, when you're flashing your
board with an operating system, or
any other type of item, you're actually
putting information onto your board.
And if you are, if you all of a sudden cut
the flashing process in the middle of it.
Well, I mean you've written some stuff and
not completed and
the next thing you know you won't
be able to boot your board up also.
Just because you stopped
the process in the middle.
Same thing can be said if you've
followed procedures incorrectly.
So, if you're flashing your board with
something and you just flash one thing
instead of the other, next thing you know
also it's, you're not working anymore.
>> So usually that can be fixed by
just reflashing everything over again.
Hopefully you didn't damage
any of the partition files or
that fast boot protocol on the board.
And again, if you did, that's where
the rescue image really shines in that,
it lets you have that connection,
it repairs your partition tables.